### **Proposal date:**

October 24th 2022

### **Thesis**

Distribute Peel JBX to newer contributors.

### **Motivation**

- There were significant JBX distributions from JBDAO at the start of 2022. Our newer contributors didn't participate in this.
- Outside of a few members, Peel contributor participation in Juicebox governance is low. I think it should be higher.
- There is no immediate plan for the Peel JBX. Why not put it in the hands of folks who can actively participate in governance?
- Incentivize continued long-term contributions.

**To the recipients**: this proposal is intended to make your vote count in JBX governance.
You're highly encourage to participate in the JBDAO temp checks and snapshot voting. That being said, it would be your JBX, so do with it as you wish.

### **Specification**

Distribute 30,000 JBX per FC, for each FC the contributor is currently active Peel contributor (outside of peri, johnnyd and aeolian). The following contributors are proposed to be included:

| name | # FCs | amount (JBX) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| wraeth | 25 | 750,000 |
| benjamin | 25 | 750,000 |
| jmill | 24 | 720,000 |
| strath | 13 | 390,000 |
| blaz | 9 | 270,000 |

Total: 2,880,000 JBX
Remaining: 1,643,333 JBX (+ ~730,000 JBX)

> Please verify this tables accuracy.


### **Rationale**

I think time-weighted allocation feels right here, rather than a uniform allocation. We should consider a different approach if it makes sense though.


### **Risks**

- Recipients don't participate in governance.
- Recipients redeem or sell the JBX immediately.

### **Timeline**

ASAP
